Track 02.07
Speaker 1
Darren: I’m Darren.
I’m the manager of a TV shop in Manchester.
I don’t have an office,
but I have a chair
and a desk in the shop.
It’s an old desk and it isn't big,
but I have a phone, a computer
and a newspaper on my desk,
and the keys to the shop.
Speaker 2
Paula: I’m Paula.
I’m a teacher in Washington.
I have three desks!
One at home,
one in the teachers’ room at the school,
and one in my classroom.
I have a laptop and some
books on my desk in the teachers’ room
but I don’t have a phone.
Today, my bag is on my desk
with my umbrella.
Speaker 3
Jamie: I’m Jamie.
I’m a student in Southampton.
I have a desk at school
and another desk in my bedroom
where I do my homework.
I have a computer on my desk at home,
and today I also have an apple
and a knife and a glass of water.